readme.md, before:

# TabFunnel

## TODO

- ### 0.1.0
- [x] Add import / export menu (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Show Bytes Used (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.1
- [x] Remove Duplicate Tabs (`@/options/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Actually Backup before Clearing (`@/options/Options.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.2
- [x] Sort Site Name (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Use ${tabCount} Tabs | ${tabSize} bytes Dashboard (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Use sensible memory units for tabSize (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.4
- [x] Key for description map (`@/options/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Open All option in ungrouped (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Remove All option in ungrouped (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Investigate removing ts-md5 (`meta`)

- ### 0.1.5
- [x] Investigate using UUID instead of hash (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Check if tabs have changed since last backup (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Remove console.log's (`all`)
- [x] Investigate Chrome light mode problems (`@/public/global.css`)
- [x] Support OneTab list natively as import (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Reduce CPU / RAM usage during list import (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Pull Group / Sort / Reverse into `storage.ts` (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/utils/storage.ts`)
- [x] Export doesn't always work first time (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] List size of each group (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Confirm deletion of groups / all (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.6 CSS Clean-up
- [x] Move Group View / Modal Views to components (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Last snapshot as time since (seconds / minutes / hours / days / date) (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Reverse Group / Sort independently (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Add options cog to top right corner of popup (`@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Clean up CSS (`*.css`)
- [x] Danger Mode actions modals w/ warnings etc (`@/options/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Migrate `Tab` to use UUID (`@/utils/data.ts`)

- ### 0.1.7 Hotfix
- [x] Browser Runtime onInstalled trigger error (`@/background.ts`)

- ### 0.2.0 Theme Update
- [x] Remove UUID Migrate (`@/background.ts`)
- [x] Change theming of inputs (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Change checkboxes (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Fix: Text Input (`@/components/TextInput.tsx`)
- [x] Context dependant sort icons (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Chrome specific css inject fix (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Custom select element wraps select (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Options `danger-zone` css theming (`@/options/Options.tsx`, `@/options/Options.css`)
- [x] Font Override (`@/components/FontSwitcher.tsx`)
- [x] Change components to default exports where possible (`@/components/*.tsx`)
- [x] Improve Icon
- [x] Rename `xyxInput` to `xyzOption` (`@/components/*Input.tsx`)
- [x] Fix Button Styling (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Multiple Themes (`@/themes/*.ts`)
- [x] Clean-up CSS theme (`@/assets/global.css`)

- ### 0.2.1 Clean-Up
- [x] Option Grouping (`@/utils/options.ts`, `@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Clean-up basic theme
- [x] Remove console logs

- ### 0.2.2 Themes!
- [x] Make icon slightly smaller? (`@/public/icon/*.png`)
- [x] Fix overwrite checkbox on Snapshot Import (`@/components/ImportSnapshotModal.tsx`)
- [x] Themes Added (`@/components/themes/*.ts`)
  - [x] One Dark (dark)
  - [x] One Light (light)
  - [x] Kanagawa Wave (dark)
  - [x] Kanagawa Dragon (dark)
  - [x] Kanagawa Lotus (light)

- ### 0.3.0 Functions Galore
- [x] Suggest tabs from Address Bar (`@/background.ts`)
- [x] Sync storage
- [-] Re-pin itself if it was already before update (`@/background.ts`)
  - [x] Currently reopens the dashboard when updated
- [x] Funnel tabs from menu (`@/background.ts`)
  - [x] Funnel single tab
  - [x] Funnel other tabs
  - [x] Funnel tabs to the right
  - [x] Funnel tabs to the left
- [x] Onboarding page (`@/onboarding/index.html`)
  - [x] Load markdown pages
  - [x] Added react-markdown dependency
  - [x] Write onboarding info

- ### 0.4.0 Internationalization Update
- [x] Add link to onboarding on Options (`@/Options/Options.tsx`)
- [ ] Add link to version on version text in popup / dashboard (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Source all Themes (`@/components/themes/*.ts`)
- [ ] Add images to onboarding
- [ ] Add logo to onboarding
- [ ] Move all strings to /locale/en

- ### 1.0.0 Update 1.0
- [ ] Public Release
- [ ] Public Github
  - [ ] Figure out license

### 1.1.0 Group by Granularity

### 1.2.0 Mobile Version

### 1.3.0 Syncing

### 1.4.0 Themes
- [ ] Monokai
- [ ] Tokyo Night (All Flavours)
- [ ] Nord
- [ ] Catpuccino
- [ ] Dracula

Commit message:

i18n, Theme sources, version link, onboarding link, date sorting, favicon provider, pinned tabs (0.4.0)

readme.md, after:

# TabFunnel

## TODO

- ### 0.1.0
- [x] Add import / export menu (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Show Bytes Used (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.1
- [x] Remove Duplicate Tabs (`@/options/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Actually Backup before Clearing (`@/options/Options.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.2
- [x] Sort Site Name (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Use ${tabCount} Tabs | ${tabSize} bytes Dashboard (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Use sensible memory units for tabSize (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.4
- [x] Key for description map (`@/options/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Open All option in ungrouped (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Remove All option in ungrouped (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Investigate removing ts-md5 (`meta`)

- ### 0.1.5
- [x] Investigate using UUID instead of hash (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Check if tabs have changed since last backup (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Remove console.log's (`all`)
- [x] Investigate Chrome light mode problems (`@/public/global.css`)
- [x] Support OneTab list natively as import (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Reduce CPU / RAM usage during list import (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Pull Group / Sort / Reverse into `storage.ts` (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/utils/storage.ts`)
- [x] Export doesn't always work first time (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] List size of each group (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Confirm deletion of groups / all (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)

- ### 0.1.6 CSS Clean-up
- [x] Move Group View / Modal Views to components (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Last snapshot as time since (seconds / minutes / hours / days / date) (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Reverse Group / Sort independently (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Add options cog to top right corner of popup (`@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Clean up CSS (`*.css`)
- [x] Danger Mode actions modals w/ warnings etc (`@/options/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Migrate `Tab` to use UUID (`@/utils/data.ts`)

- ### 0.1.7 Hotfix
- [x] Browser Runtime onInstalled trigger error (`@/background.ts`)

- ### 0.2.0 Theme Update
- [x] Remove UUID Migrate (`@/background.ts`)
- [x] Change theming of inputs (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Change checkboxes (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Fix: Text Input (`@/components/TextInput.tsx`)
- [x] Context dependant sort icons (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Chrome specific css inject fix (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Custom select element wraps select (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Options `danger-zone` css theming (`@/options/Options.tsx`, `@/options/Options.css`)
- [x] Font Override (`@/components/FontSwitcher.tsx`)
- [x] Change components to default exports where possible (`@/components/*.tsx`)
- [x] Improve Icon
- [x] Rename `xyxInput` to `xyzOption` (`@/components/*Input.tsx`)
- [x] Fix Button Styling (`@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Multiple Themes (`@/themes/*.ts`)
- [x] Clean-up CSS theme (`@/assets/global.css`)

- ### 0.2.1 Clean-Up
- [x] Option Grouping (`@/utils/options.ts`, `@/assets/global.css`)
- [x] Clean-up basic theme
- [x] Remove console logs

- ### 0.2.2 Themes!
- [x] Make icon slightly smaller? (`@/public/icon/*.png`)
- [x] Fix overwrite checkbox on Snapshot Import (`@/components/ImportSnapshotModal.tsx`)
- [x] Themes Added (`@/components/themes/*.ts`)
  - [x] One Dark (dark)
  - [x] One Light (light)
  - [x] Kanagawa Wave (dark)
  - [x] Kanagawa Dragon (dark)
  - [x] Kanagawa Lotus (light)

- ### 0.3.0 Functions Galore
- [x] Suggest tabs from Address Bar (`@/background.ts`)
- [x] Sync storage
- [-] Re-pin itself if it was already before update (`@/background.ts`)
  - [x] Currently reopens the dashboard when updated
- [x] Funnel tabs from menu (`@/background.ts`)
  - [x] Funnel single tab
  - [x] Funnel other tabs
  - [x] Funnel tabs to the right
  - [x] Funnel tabs to the left
- [x] Onboarding page (`@/onboarding/index.html`)
  - [x] Load markdown pages
  - [x] Added react-markdown dependency
  - [x] Write onboarding info

- ### 0.4.0 Internationalization Update / Pinned Tabs
- [x] Add link to onboarding on Options (`@/ptions/Options.tsx`)
- [x] Add link to version on version text in popup / dashboard (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`, `@/popup/Popup.tsx`)
- [x] Source all Themes (`@/components/themes/*.ts`)
- [x] Add i18n support (`@/locales/en.yml`, `*.tsx`)
- [x] Display pin icon beside pinned tabs (`@/dashboard/Dashboard.tsx`)
- [x] Add pinned as boolean to Tab Type
- [x] Restore pinned tabs to pinned status
- [x] Option to restore as pin or not
- [x] Fix date sorting, when importing old tabs
- [x] Change favicon URL to DuckDuckGo (`@/components/BaseTabView.tsx`)
- [x] Add images to onboarding

- ### 1.0.0 Update 1.0
- [ ] Public Release
- [ ] Public Github
  - [ ] Figure out license

### 1.1.0 Group by Granularity

### 1.2.0 Mobile Version

### 1.3.0 Syncing

### 1.4.0 Themes
- [ ] Monokai
- [ ] Tokyo Night (All Flavours)
- [ ] Nord
- [ ] Catpuccino
- [ ] Dracula
