entrypoints/versions/versions.md, before:

# What's New

### Date / Time Granularity (1.1.0)
`Group by Date` has become `Group by Time` and with that comes the ability to choose how granular the grouping is, find tabs from the same hour, day, week, month or year.

Show Tab URLs when you mouse over them.

Fixes:
- 'Funnel Selected Tabs' fix
- Missing i18n strings
- Options text input fix (Chrome)
- Omnibox fix (Chrome)
- Timed Snapshot fix (Chrome)
- Dashboard Alignment / Spacing Fix
- Download Snapshots Fix (Chrome / Firefox)

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Post Launch Fixes (1.0.1)
Fixed Accidentally Funnelling Pinned Tabs from Context Menu

Fix for light themes showing things from dark mode

Button to reset all Options to default added to Danger-Zone

GitHub link in options page

Gruvbox Theme Added

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Public Release (1.0.0)
Version Bump for Public Release

Github is now Public

Firefox Public Release

Chrome Coming Soon

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Fix (0.4.1)
Favicon Provider fallback fix

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### i18n Update (0.4.0)
Link to Onboarding on Options Page

Link to Version Page on Popup / Dashboard

Setup internationalisation (English)

Pinned Tabs are now shown in the dashboard as Pinned

Restore Pinned tabs back to their pinned status

Use DuckDuckGo as the favicon provider instead of Google

Group by Date sorting fix

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Functions Galore Update (0.3.0)
Address Bar Suggestions

Options sync using Chrome / Firefox Account

Dashboard Re-Opens After an Update

Tab Context Menu Options

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### More Themes! (0.2.2)
Icon Changes

More Themes:
- One Dark
- One Light
- Kanagawa Wave
- Kanagawa Dragon
- Kanagawa Lotus

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Clean-Up (0.2.1)
Remove console logs

Clean-Up Themes

Group Options on Options Page

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Theming Update (0.2.0)
Lots of Theming Changes

Lots of Small Style Fixes

Fix Strange Chrome Behaviour

Icon Improvement

Commit message:

Group by name, New themes, Dashboard pinning (1.2.0)

entrypoints/versions/versions.md, after:

# What's New

### Group by Name (1.2.0)
New `Group by Name` grouping, groups all the tabs by the first character of the name; moving symbols and numbers to their own separate sections.

Dashboard should re-pin after any new update after this one, if it was pinned before the update happened.

New Themes:
- Catpuccin Latte
- Catpuccin Frappe
- Catpuccin Macchiato
- Catpuccin Mocha
- TokyoNight Day
- TokyoNight Night
- TokyoNight Moon
- TokyoNight Storm
- Dracula
- Nord
- Gruvbox Light

#### Omnibox Fix (1.1.2)

#### CSS Fix (1.1.1)

### Date / Time Granularity (1.1.0)
`Group by Date` has become `Group by Time` and with that comes the ability to choose how granular the grouping is, find tabs from the same hour, day, week, month or year.

Show Tab URLs when you mouse over them.

Fixes:
- 'Funnel Selected Tabs' fix
- Missing i18n strings
- Options text input fix (Chrome)
- Omnibox fix (Chrome)
- Timed Snapshot fix (Chrome)
- Dashboard Alignment / Spacing Fix
- Download Snapshots Fix (Chrome / Firefox)

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Post Launch Fixes (1.0.1)
Fixed Accidentally Funnelling Pinned Tabs from Context Menu

Fix for light themes showing things from dark mode

Button to reset all Options to default added to Danger-Zone

GitHub link in options page

Gruvbox Theme Added

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Public Release (1.0.0)
Version Bump for Public Release

Github is now Public

Firefox Public Release

Chrome Coming Soon

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Fix (0.4.1)
Favicon Provider fallback fix

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### i18n Update (0.4.0)
Link to Onboarding on Options Page

Link to Version Page on Popup / Dashboard

Setup internationalisation (English)

Pinned Tabs are now shown in the dashboard as Pinned

Restore Pinned tabs back to their pinned status

Use DuckDuckGo as the favicon provider instead of Google

Group by Date sorting fix

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Functions Galore Update (0.3.0)
Address Bar Suggestions

Options sync using Chrome / Firefox Account

Dashboard Re-Opens After an Update

Tab Context Menu Options

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### More Themes! (0.2.2)
Icon Changes

More Themes:
- One Dark
- One Light
- Kanagawa Wave
- Kanagawa Dragon
- Kanagawa Lotus

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Clean-Up (0.2.1)
Remove console logs

Clean-Up Themes

Group Options on Options Page

` `  
` `
` `  

---

` `  
` `

### Theming Update (0.2.0)
Lots of Theming Changes

Lots of Small Style Fixes

Fix Strange Chrome Behaviour

Icon Improvement
